h1. Merb Simple DB example using MerbAuth / merb-auth-slice-password

h2. author: Dan Mayer dan AT devver (.) net

h2.  What is it

This is an example merb application showing how to use merb with Amazon's SimpleDB.The project uses the dm-adapter-simpledb, which can be found http://github.com/jeremyboles/dm-adapter-simpledb/tree/master the file is installed in the /lib

This example shows how to use merb-auth, merb-auth-slice-password, and how to create and protect resources which are stored on SimpleDB. If you don't need authentication this is also just an easy to read simple app that serves as an example or a starting point for using Merb with SimpleDB. 

h2. Basic Setup

From Source
<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/danmayer/merb-simpledb-dm_example.git
cd merb-simpledb-dm_example
cp ./config/database.yml.example ./config/database.yml
edit database.yml and include your aws access_key and secret_key
rake db:automigrate
merb
</code></pre>

Testing against SimpleDB from your dev box can be quite slow. I actually test against sqlite3, instead most of the time. I recommend running rake spec, once to make sure it all works against SimpleDB, but after that just edit your database.yml and change your test db like so:

<pre><code>test:
  <<:       *defaults   
  adapter:  sqlite3    
  database: sample_test.db
</code></pre>

Then run 'rake db:automigrate MERB_ENV=test' to migrate the sqlite3 db. After that you can run your tests much faster.

h3. Basic Merb-Auth instructions

This app setup follows the basic instructions for Merb-Auth but adds a few more examples to make things more clear.

http://github.com/wycats/merb/tree/master/merb-auth

some things have been slightly altered fromt he above tutorial but it should be fairly obvious and simple. If you have any problems please contact me.
